accusleepy/gui/text/main_guide.md, before:

# Definitions
- Recording: a table containing one channel of electroencephalogram (EEG)
  data and one channel of electromyogram (EMG) data collected at a
  constant sampling rate.
- Epoch: the temporal resolution of brain state scoring. If, for example,
    the epoch length is 5 seconds, then a brain state label will be
    assigned to each 5-second segment of a recording.
- Bout: a contiguous set of epochs with the same brain state.


# 1. Overview of the primary interface

The workflow for sleep scoring is as follows:
1. Set the epoch length
2. For each of your recordings:
   1. create a new entry in the list of recordings
   2. enter the sampling rate
   3. select the recording file containing the EEG and EMG data
   4. choose a filename for saving the brain state labels,
       or select an existing label file

At this point, you can score the recordings manually.

3. For each recording, create a calibration file using a small amount
    of labeled data, or choose a calibration file created using
    another recording from the same subject and under the same recording
    conditions
4. Select a trained classification model file with the correct epoch length
5. Score all recordings automatically using the classifier

By default, there are three brain state options: REM, wake, and NREM.
If you want to change this configuration, click the "Settings" tab.
Note that if you change the configuration, you might be unable to load
existing labels and calibration data, and you may need to train a new
classification model.

Use the "import" and "export" buttons to load or save a list of
recordings. This can be useful if you need to re-score a set of
recordings with a new model, or if you want to keep a record of
the recordings that were used when training a model.

# 2. AccuSleePy file types
There are four types of files associated with AccuSleePy.
To select a file in the primary interface, you can either use the
associated button, or drag/drop the file into the empty box adjacent
to the button.
- Recording file: a .parquet or .csv file containing one
    column of EEG  data and one column of EMG data.
    The column names must be eeg and emg.
- Label file: a .csv file with one column titled brain_state
    with entries that are either the undefined brain state (by default, this is -1)
    or one of the digits in your brain state configuration.
    By default, these are 1-3 where REM = 1, wake = 2, NREM = 3.
- Calibration data file: required for automated scoring. See Section 4
    for details. These have .csv format.
- Trained classification model: required for automated scoring. See
    Section 4 for details. These have .pth format.

# 3. Manually assigning brain state labels
1. Select the recording you wish to modify from the recording list, or
    add a new one.
2. Click the "Select recording file" button to set the location of the
    EEG/EMG data, or drag/drop the recording file into the box next
    to the button.
3. Click the "Select" label file button (or drag/drop) to choose an
    existing label file, or click the "create" label file button to
    enter the filename for a new label file.
4. Click "Score manually" to launch an interactive window for manual
    brain state scoring. When you are finished, save your changes and
    close the window.

The manual scoring interface has many useful keyboard shortcuts,
so please consult its user manual by clicking the question mark icon.

# 4. Automatically scoring recordings with a classification model
Automatic brain state scoring requires the inputs described in
Section 3, as well as calibration data files and a trained classification
model.
If you already have all of these files, proceed to Section 4C.
Models trained on the AccuSleep dataset are provided at
https://osf.io/py5eb under /python_format/models/ for epoch lengths of
2.5, 4, 5, and 10 seconds. These models are the "default" type, in that
they use several epochs of data before and after any given epoch when
scoring that epoch. (The other model type, called "real-time", only
uses data from the current epoch and several preceding epochs.)

## 4A. Creating calibration data files

In order to perform automated sleep scoring,
each recording must have a calibration file assigned to it.
This file lets AccuSleep transform features of the EEG and EMG data so
that they are in the same range as the classifier's training data.
You can use the same calibration file for multiple recordings, as long
as they come from the same subject and were collected under the same
recording conditions (i.e., the same recording equipment was used).

To create a calibration data file:

1. Ensure you have a file containing brain state labels. You can create
    this file by following the steps in Section 3, or select an
    existing label file.
2. The label file must contain at least some labels for each sleep
    stage (e.g., REM, wakefulness, and NREM). It is recommended to
    label at least several minutes of each stage, and more labels can
    improve classification accuracy.
3. Click "Create calibration file".
4. Enter a filename for the calibration data file.
5. The calibration file will automatically be assigned to the currently
    selected recording.

Note that epoch length can affect the calibration process. If you make
a calibration file for a subject using one epoch length, but want to
score another recording from the same subject with a different epoch
length, it's best to create a new calibration file.

## 4B. Training your own classification model

To train a new model on your own data:

1. Add your scored recordings to the recording list. Make sure the
    sampling rate, recording file, and label file are set for each
    recording. Calibration files are not required.
2. Click the "Model training" tab
3. Choose the number of epochs to consider when scoring each epoch.
    This will be the "width" of the training images. For "default"
    type models, this must be an odd number. In general, about 30
    seconds worth of data is enough.
4. Choose whether the images used to train the model should be
    deleted once training is complete. (It's generally best to
    leave this box checked.)
5. Choose whether to create a "default" or "real-time"-type model.
    Note that scoring recordings in the primary interface requires
    a default-type model.
6. Click "Set training image directory" to select the location
    where the images used to train the model will be saved. A
    new directory with an automatically generated name will be
    created inside the directory you choose.
7. Click "Train classification model" and enter a
    filename for the trained model. Training can take some time.
    The console will display progress updates.

## 4C. Automatic scoring

Instructions for automatic scoring using this interface are below.

1. Set the epoch length for all recordings.
2. Select the recording file, label file, and calibration file to use
    for each recording. See section 4A for instructions on creating
    calibration files.
3. Click "Load classification model" to load the trained classification
    model. It's important that the epoch length used when training this
    model is the same as the current epoch length.
4. If you wish to preserve any existing labels in the label file, and
    only overwrite undefined epochs, check the box labeled
    "Only overwrite undefined epochs".
5. Set the minimum bout length, in seconds. A typical value could be 5.
    Following automatic labeling, any brain state bout shorter than this
    duration will be reassigned to the surrounding state (if the states
    on either side of the bout are the same).
6. Click "Score all automatically" to score all recordings in the
    recording list. To inspect the results, select a recording
    in the list and click "Score manually".

Commit message:

Display confidence scores (#46)
* Display confidence scores

* fix tests

* more acknowledgements

* make model loading button more responsive

* make saving confidence scores optional, configurate default behavior

* perform temperature scaling, add training UI elements, bugfixes, update file i/o

* bugfix

* update main user manual, readme screenshot

* bugfix, user manual screenshot

* typo

* set training folder location automatically

* changelog

* acknowledge temp scaling repo

* remove todo

* load_labels type hint

* remove unneeded comment

accusleepy/gui/text/main_guide.md, after:

# Definitions
- Recording: a table containing one channel of electroencephalogram (EEG)
  data and one channel of electromyogram (EMG) data collected at a
  constant sampling rate.
- Epoch: the temporal resolution of brain state scoring. If, for example,
    the epoch length is 5 seconds, then a brain state label will be
    assigned to each 5-second segment of a recording.
- Bout: a contiguous set of epochs with the same brain state.


# 1. Overview of the primary interface

The workflow for sleep scoring is as follows:
1. Set the epoch length
2. For each of your recordings:
   1. create a new entry in the list of recordings
   2. enter the sampling rate
   3. select the recording file containing the EEG and EMG data
   4. choose a filename for saving the brain state labels,
       or select an existing label file

At this point, you can score the recordings manually.

3. For each recording, create a calibration file using a small amount
    of labeled data, or choose a calibration file created using
    another recording from the same subject and under the same recording
    conditions
4. Select a trained classification model file with the correct epoch length
5. Score all recordings automatically using the classifier

By default, there are three brain state options: REM, wake, and NREM.
If you want to change this configuration, click the "Settings" tab.
Note that if you change the configuration, you might be unable to load
existing labels and calibration data, and you may need to train a new
classification model.

Use the "import" and "export" buttons to load or save a list of
recordings. This can be useful if you need to re-score a set of
recordings with a new model, or if you want to keep a record of
the recordings that were used when training a model.

# 2. AccuSleePy file types
There are four types of files associated with AccuSleePy.
To select a file in the primary interface, you can either use the
associated button, or drag/drop the file into the empty box adjacent
to the button.
- Recording file: a .parquet or .csv file containing one
    column of EEG data and one column of EMG data.
    The column names must be **eeg** and **emg**.
- Label file: a .csv file with one column titled **brain_state**
    with entries that are either the undefined brain state (by default, this is -1)
    or one of the digits in your brain state configuration.
    By default, these are 1-3 where REM = 1, wake = 2, NREM = 3.
    Optionally, there can be a second column named **confidence_score**
    containing classification confidence scores between 0 and 1.
- Calibration data file: required for automated scoring. See Section 4
    for details. These have .csv format.
- Trained classification model: required for automated scoring. See
    Section 4 for details. These have .pth format.

# 3. Manually assigning brain state labels
1. Select the recording you wish to modify from the recording list, or
    add a new one.
2. Click the "Select recording file" button to set the location of the
    EEG/EMG data, or drag/drop the recording file into the box next
    to the button.
3. Click the "Select" label file button (or drag/drop) to choose an
    existing label file, or click the "create" label file button to
    enter the filename for a new label file.
4. Click "Score manually" to launch an interactive window for manual
    brain state scoring. When you are finished, save your changes and
    close the window.

The manual scoring interface has many useful keyboard shortcuts,
so please consult its user manual by clicking the question mark icon.

# 4. Automatically scoring recordings with a classification model
Automatic brain state scoring requires the inputs described in
Section 3, as well as calibration data files and a trained classification
model.
If you already have all of these files, proceed to Section 4C.
Models trained on the AccuSleep dataset are provided at
https://osf.io/py5eb under /python_format/models/ for epoch lengths of
2.5, 4, 5, and 10 seconds. These models are the "default" type, in that
they use several epochs of data before and after any given epoch when
scoring that epoch. (The other model type, called "real-time", only
uses data from the current epoch and several preceding epochs.)

## 4A. Creating calibration data files

In order to perform automated sleep scoring,
each recording must have a calibration file assigned to it.
This file lets AccuSleep transform features of the EEG and EMG data so
that they are in the same range as the classifier's training data.
You can use the same calibration file for multiple recordings, as long
as they come from the same subject and were collected under the same
recording conditions (i.e., the same recording equipment was used).

To create a calibration data file:

1. Ensure you have a file containing brain state labels. You can create
    this file by following the steps in Section 3, or select an
    existing label file.
2. The label file must contain at least some labels for each sleep
    stage (e.g., REM, wakefulness, and NREM). It is recommended to
    label at least several minutes of each stage, and more labels can
    improve classification accuracy.
3. Click "Create calibration file".
4. Enter a filename for the calibration data file.
5. The calibration file will automatically be assigned to the currently
    selected recording.

Note that epoch length can affect the calibration process. If you make
a calibration file for a subject using one epoch length, but want to
score another recording from the same subject with a different epoch
length, it's best to create a new calibration file.

## 4B. Training your own classification model

To train a new model on your own data:

1. Add your scored recordings to the recording list. Make sure the
    sampling rate, recording file, and label file are set for each
    recording. Calibration files are not required.
2. Click the "Model training" tab
3. Choose the number of epochs to consider when scoring each epoch.
    This will be the "width" of the training images. For "default"
    type models, this must be an odd number. In general, about 30
    seconds worth of data is enough.
4. Choose whether the images used to train the model should be
    deleted once training is complete. It's generally best to
    leave this box checked. A (temporary) folder for these files
    will be created in the same location as the trained model.
5. Choose whether to create a "default" or "real-time"-type model.
    Note that scoring recordings in the primary interface requires
    a default-type model.
6. Choose whether to calibrate the model. This process uses part
    of the training data to make the model's confidence scores
    more accurately reflect the probability that the output
    labels are accurate. If using calibration, choose what percent
    of the training data to set aside for calibration.
7. Click "Train classification model" and enter a
    filename for the trained model. Training can take some time.
    The console will display progress updates.

## 4C. Automatic scoring

Instructions for automatic scoring using this interface are below.

1. Set the epoch length for all recordings.
2. Select the recording file, label file, and calibration file to use
    for each recording. See section 4A for instructions on creating
    calibration files.
3. Click "Load classification model" to load the trained classification
    model. It's important that the epoch length used when training this
    model is the same as the current epoch length.
4. If you wish to preserve any existing labels in the label file, and
    only overwrite undefined epochs, check the box labeled
    "Only overwrite undefined epochs".
5. Choose whether to save confidence scores to the label files.
6. Set the minimum bout length, in seconds. A typical value could be 5.
    Following automatic labeling, any brain state bout shorter than this
    duration will be reassigned to the surrounding state (if the states
    on either side of the bout are the same).
7. Click "Score all automatically" to score all recordings in the
    recording list. To inspect the results, select a recording
    in the list and click "Score manually".
